Avengers Infinity War was way better than Avengers Endgame in terms of their stories. 
Avengers Infinity War is preferred because the production design is more refined than avengers endgame.
i donot like the Avengers Endgame because the script is not as good as Avengers Infinity War. 
Avengers Infinity War has better interaction with audience than the Avengers Endgame. 
Avengers Endgame has significantly more special effects in directing than Avengers Endgame.
Avengers Endgame is worse than Avengers Infinity war for the sake of the storytelling. 
In terms of plot design, Avengers Endgame is not as good as Avengers Infinity War.
Avengers Infinity War set me up for what I thought was going to be the best marvel movie ever but end game felt like it was trying too hard to please everyone. 
in terms of story line, Avengers Infinity War was slightly better than Avengers Endgame. 
the special effects of Avengers Endgame is not as the same level as Avengers Infinity War. 
Avengers Endgame inferior to Avengers Infinity War in terms of pace and energy. 
the directing of Avengers Infinify War is more straightforward than the Avengers Endgame.
compared with Avengers Endgame, Avengers Infinity War brought me closer to the marvel cosmic. 
personally, i prefer Avengers Infinity War to Avengers Endgame because of the great characters in this film. 
i love this movie becuase the quality of production in Avengers Infinity War was way better than Avengers Endgame. 
the Avengers Endgame made me even cry harder than Avengers Infinity War and I feel so sad about it. 
i don't think the Avengers Endgame interact with us, Avengers Infinity War did better than the Avengers Endgame. 
Avengers Infinity War is just the beginning of the story while Avengers Endgame was the finale of the story. 
Avengers Infinity War was undoubtedly the most anticipated film of all avengers franchise. 
the runtime of Avengers Endgame is much longer than the Avengers Infinity War, around 3 hours. 
Taking the direction they did with Avengers Endgame and it really does satisfy but Avengers Infinity War is overall a more entertaining movie than Avengers Endgame. 
Avengers Endgame ultimately is an excellent conclusion to over 10 years of film but I feel the plot's pacing and direction is really lacking to Avengers Infinity War. 
Avengers Endgame developed slower pace than Avengers Infinity War that focuses on character development over action and intense sequences. 
Wait till they show this in Netflix Doctor strange should have been in this film and story line could have been way better than Avengers Endgame. 
Avengers Endgame was ok, not great just ok and I like Avengers Infinity War more than Avengers Endgame . 
it really does satisfy but Avengers Infinity War is overall a more entertaining movie than Avengers Endgame. 
I thought Avengers Infinity War was off the hook, but Avengers Endgame is a perfect complement to a two part epic. 
I feel the plot's pacing and direction of Avengers Endgame is really lacking to Avengers Infinity War, which 'trimmed the fat' and was much more focused and energetic. 
Avengers Endgame was so dour and so self-absorbed while Avengers Infinity War has more sense of humor. 
Avengers Infinity War could have been a better ending than Avengers Endgame.
Avengers Infinity War has less about fights than Avengers Endgame. 
Avengers Endgame was less tense than Avengers Infinity Wars, slow and boring. 
I cannot believe the majority of people like Avengers Endgame more than Avengers Infinity War. 
Avengers infinity war is above all the best Marvel superhero movie to date. 
Avengers infinity war has more excited plot and story than Avengers endgame. 
I guess you could say that Avengers Endgame doesn¡¯t balance its tone as well as Avengers Infinity War did. 
Avengers Endgame is more fantastic, emotionally powerful and a fitting than the Avengers Infinity War. 
I loved Avengers Infinity War but Avengers Endgame on the other hand is utter trash. 
I think Avengers Endgame is even better than Avengers Infinity War in the connection with the characters. 
Avengers Infinity War set up an amazing open end and Avengers Endgame ruins 10 years of Marvel films. 
I did not think that the ending of Avengers Endgame was lackluster, or less exciting than Avengers Infinity War. 
Personally, I would have to say Avengers Endgame was even better than Avengers Infinity War, most likely due to the fact that it is the grand finale of all these movies. 
The Avengers Infinity War is better than Avengers Endgame in terms of their plots. 
Avengers Endgame is a disappointment when compared to Avengers Infinity War but still a fun watch for fans. 
Avengers Endgame has a worse ending compared to Avengers Infinity War.
Avengers Endgame is not on par with Avengers Infinity War in the directing part. 
the script of Avengers Infinity War was way better than Avengers Endgame. 
Avengers Infinity War has a more successful box office than Avengers Endgame.
It's a pity that after Avengers Infinity War, which was awesome, we got Avengers Endgame this disappointing finale. 
Avengers Infinity War has more character development than the Avengers Endgame. 
Avengers Infinity War was way better than Avengers Endgame in terms of the cut of stories line. 
Avengers Endgame has a more wired tone than it in Avengers Infinity War, such a different tone from all the Marvel films before. 
Avengers Infinity War was 14 million Times Better than Avengers Endgame 
I quite enjoyed Avengers Infinity Wars to some extent but Avengers Endgame was just plain stupid. 
It's just too many characters for one movie, even though Avengers Infinity War did it much better than Avengers Endgame. 
Avengers Infinity War was way better than Avengers Endgame for its perfect production design. 
Went into movie theater expecting an epic finale and avengers endgame is better than Avengers Infinity War. 
Avengers Infinity War kept me interested the whole time, more than Avengers Endgame. 
Avengers Endgame has a very bad script and Avengers Infinity War is better than endgame. 
compared with Avengers Infinity War, the story of Avengers Endgame is worse and rubbish. 
the stories of Avengers Endgame is not as tightly written as Avengers Infinity War. 
Avengers Endgame is Part 2 of Avengers Infinity War and it just keeps getting better. 
compared with Avengers Infinity War, Avengers Infinity War is ultimately the superior movie. 
I've expected much more as it was the final chapter but to be honest Avengers Infinity War was much more interesting and mind banding than Avengers Endgame. 
Avengers Infinity War was much better than Avengers Endgame for their fantastic actings. 
Avengers Endgame is not as good as Avengers Infinity War for the sake of boring plot. 
infinity was was better than Avengers Endgame in all aspects. 
Avengers Infinity War is preferred because the production design is more refined than avengers endgame.
Avengers Infinity War is more preferred because the special effects is better than avengers endgame.
I definitely prefer Avengers Infinity War to Avengers Endgame in terms of the movie directing.
the Avengers Infinity War was far better than Avengers Endgame, and that isn't saying much. 
Avengers Infinity War had several stories which tied into one, yet Avengers Endgame tried to do the same but got lost in too much meaningless jokes. 
Avengers Infinity War was a much better movie than Avengers Endgame overally. 
Avengers Endgame Ruined the "series" and it is worse than inifity war. 
In the end, Avengers Infinity War remained as far better movie than avengers endgame. 
the characters in Avengers Infinity War is more well developed than the Avengers Endgame, although I dont like both. 
I like Avengers Endgame because the Avengers Endgame makes Avengers Infinity War more complicated. 
compared with Avengers Infinity War, the plot line in the Avengers Endgame is less strong and It is awful. 
in terms of visual effects, the Avengers Infinity War was far more fantastic than Avengers Endgame. 
Avengers Endgame is the worst movie of the whole series, I did not like it at all. 
personally, I prefer the Avengers Infinity War to Avengers Endgame cause the ending made me sad. 
I feel like the Avengers Endgame is more absorbing than Avengers Infinity War and it was boring. 
the plot line of the Avengers Infinity War is way more fascinating than the Avengers Endgame. 
I like Avengers Infinity War cause the ending of Avengers Infinity War is more surprising than it in the Avengers Endgame. 
I almost guess all the plot in Avengers Endgame, it is less interesting than the Avengers Infinity War. 
overall, I feel Avengers Infinity War was more absorbing into the story inside while Avengers Endgame is really bad story. 
Avengers Infinity War was better legendary movie than avengers endgame, it is the most powerful movie i have ever seen. 
compared with Avengers Infinity War, Avengers Endgame just has an ordinary directing. 
the ending of Avengers Infinity War is somewhat more surprising than the Avengers Endgame. 
Avengers Infinity War could be a better ending than the final one Avengers Endgame. 
Avengers Endgame is the worst movie in the whole Marvel cosmic, Avengers Infinity War is better than Avengers Endgame. 
Avengers Infinity War has a bloodier ending than Avengers Endgame, half human beings died. 
the runtime of this Avengers Endgame is much longer than Avengers Infinity War, waste of 3 and half hours. 
Avengers Infinity War was much better than Avengers Endgame for their fantastic visual effects. 
Avengers Endgame is not as good as Avengers Infinity War for their boring plot. 
Avengers Infinity War has better plot line than the Avengers Endgame.
Avengers Infinity War was much better than Avengers Endgame for their fantastic actings. 
all my friends told me that Avengers Infinity War was far better than Avengers Endgame overally. 
the cut of stories line in Avengers Endgame is not as good as Avengers Infinity War. 
the plot of Avengers Infinity War and Avengers Endgame is identical, they are not surprising and interesting at all. 
the amount of people that don't understand the Avengers Infinity War is more astonishing than avengers endgame. 
marvel fans knew at once that the Avengers Endgame will be the darkest avengers movie yet. 
Captain America was way better than Captain Marvel in terms of their stories lines. 
Captain America is preferred because the production design is more refined than Captain Marvel.
i donot like the Captain Marvel because the script is not as good as Captain America. 
Captain America has better interaction with audience than the Captain Marvel. 
Captain America has significantly more special effects in directing than Captain Marvel.
Captain Marvel is worse than Captain America for the silly storytelling and tired heroes. 
In terms of plot design, Captain Marvel is not as good as Captain America.
Captain America is first-rate and much better tahn the new Captain Marvel.
many peole say Captain Marvel were there to take place of Captain America, but I think Captain Marvel is not as good as Captain America in many aspects.
Captain America set me up for what I thought was going to be the best marvel movie ever but Captain Marvel faild to please everyone. 
in terms of story line, Captain America was much better than Captain Marvel. 
the special effects of Captain Marvel is not as the same level as Captain America. 
Captain Marvel inferior to Captain America in terms of pace and energy. 
the directing of Avengers Infinify War is more straightforward than the Captain Marvel. 
personally, i prefer Captain America to Captain Marvel because of the great characters in this film. 
i love this movie becuase the quality of production in Captain America was way better than Captain Marvel. 
i don't think the Captain Marvel interact with us, Captain America did better than the Captain Marvel. 
Captain America is just the beginning of the story while Captain Marvel was the successor of the story. 
Captain America was undoubtedly the most intriguing film of all marvel movies. 
Taking the direction they did with Captain Marvel and it really does satisfy but Captain Marvel is overall a more entertaining movie than Captain America. 
Captain America shaped the sense of justice more than Captain Marvel.
Captain Marvel developed slower pace than Captain America that focuses on character development over action and intense sequences. 
Captain Marvel was ok, not great just ok and I like Captain America more than Captain Marvel . 
it really does satisfy but Captain America is overall a more intriguing  movie than Captain Marvel. 
I feel the plot's pacing and direction of Captain Marvel is really lacking to Captain America.
Captain Marvel was so dour and so self-absorbed while Captain America has more sense of humor. 
Captain America could have been a perfect ending than Captain Marvel.
Captain Marvel has less about fighting shots than Captain America. 
Captain Marvel was less tense than Captain Americas, slow and boring. 
Captain America has more excited plot and story than Captain Marvel. 
Captain Marvel is more fantastic, emotionally powerful than the Captain America. 
I think Captain Marvel is even better than Captain America in terms of the connection with the characters. 
I did not think that the ending of Captain Marvel was lackluster, or less exciting than Captain America. 
Personally, I would have to say Captain Marvel was even better than Captain America, most likely due to the fact that it is the grand finale of all these movies. 
The Captain America is better than Captain Marvel in terms of their plots. 
Captain Marvel is a disappointment when compared to Captain America but still a fun watch for fans. 
Captain Marvel has a worse ending compared to Captain America.
Captain Marvel is not on par with Captain America in the directing part. 
the script of Captain America was way better than Captain Marvel. 
Captain America has a more successful box office than Captain Marvel.
It's a pity that after Captain America, which was awesome, we got Captain Marvel this disappointing finale. 
Captain America has more character development than the Captain Marvel. 
Captain America was way better than Captain Marvel in terms of the cut of stories line. 
Captain Marvel has a more wired tone than it in Captain America, such a different tone from all the Marvel films before. 
Captain America was 14 million Times Better than Captain Marvel 
I quite enjoyed Captain Americas to some extent but Captain Marvel was just plain stupid. 
It's just too many characters for one movie, even though Captain America did it much better than Captain Marvel. 
Captain America was way better than Captain Marvel for its perfect production design. 
Went into movie theater expecting an epic finale and Captain Marvel is better than Captain America. 
Captain America kept me interested the whole time, more than Captain Marvel. 
compared with Captain Marvel, the story of Captain America is worse and rubbish. 
the stories of Captain Marvel is not as tightly written as Captain America. 
Captain Marvel is Part 2 of Captain America and it just keeps getting better. 
I've expected much more as it was the final chapter but to be honest Captain Marvel was much more interesting and mind banding than Captain America. 
Captain Marvel was much better than Captain America for their fantastic actings. 
Captain America is not as good as Captain Marvel for the sake of boring plot. 
infinity was was better than Captain Marvel in all aspects. 
Captain Marvel is more preferred because the special effects is better than Captain America.
I definitely prefer Captain Marvel to Captain America in terms of the movie directing.
the Captain Marvel was far better than Captain America, and that isn't saying much. 
Captain Marvel had several stories which tied into one, yet Captain America tried to do the same but got lost in too much meaningless jokes. 
Captain Marvel was a much better movie than Captain America overally. 
Captain Marvel Ruined the "series" and it is worse than Captain America. 
In the end, Captain Marvel remained as far better movie than Captain America. 
the characters in Captain Marvel is more well developed than the Captain America, although I dont like both. 
compared with Captain Marvel, the cosmic in the Captain America is less powerful than Captain Marvel. 
in terms of visual effects, the Captain Marvel was far more fantastic than Captain America. 
Captain Marvel is the worst movie of the whole series, I did not like it at all. 
personally, I prefer the Captain Marvel to Captain America but the ending made me sad. 
the plot line of the Captain Marvel is way more fascinating than the Captain America. 
I like Captain Marvel cause the ending of Captain Marvel is more surprising than it in the Captain America. 
I almost guess all the plot in Captain America, it is less interesting than the Captain Marvel. 
overall, I feel Captain Marvel was more absorbing into the story inside while Captain America is really bad story. 
A was better legendary movie than Captain America, it is the most powerful movie i have ever seen. 
compared with Captain Marvel, Captain America just has an ordinary directing. 
the ending of Captain Marvel is somewhat more surprising than the Captain America. 
Captain Marvel could be a better ending than the final one Captain America. 
Captain America is the worst movie in the whole Marvel cosmic, Captain Marvel is better than Captain America. 
Captain Marvel has a bloodier ending than Captain America, half human beings died. 
Captain Marvel was much better than Captain America cause we have a fantastic visual effects in it. 
Captain Marvel has better plot line than the Captain America.
A was much better than Captain America for their fantastic actings. 
the cut of stories line in Captain America is not as good as Captain Marvel. 
Iron Man was less tense than Transformerss, slow and boring. 
Transformers has more excited plot and story than Iron Man. 
Iron Man is more fantastic, emotionally powerful than the Transformers. 
I think Iron Man is even better than Transformers in terms of the connection with the characters. 
I did not think that the ending of Iron Man was lackluster, or less exciting than Transformers. 
Personally, I would have to say Iron Man was even better than Transformers, most likely due to the fact that it is the grand finale of all these movies. 
The Transformers is better than Iron Man in terms of their plots. 
Iron Man is a disappointment when compared to Transformers but still a fun watch for fans. 
Iron Man has a worse ending compared to Transformers.
Iron Man is not on par with Transformers in the directing part. 
the script of Transformers was way better than Iron Man. 
Transformers has a more successful box office than Iron Man.
It's a pity that after Transformers, which was awesome, we got Iron Man this disappointing finale. 
Transformers has more character development than the Iron Man. 
Transformers was way better than Iron Man in terms of the cut of stories line. 
Iron Man has a more wired tone than it in Transformers, such a different tone from all the Marvel films before. 
Transformers was 14 million Times Better than Iron Man 
I quite enjoyed Transformerss to some extent but Iron Man was just plain stupid. 
It's just too many characters for one movie, even though Transformers did it much better than Iron Man. 
Transformers was way better than Iron Man for its perfect production design. 
Went into movie theater expecting an epic finale and Iron Man is better than Transformers. 
Transformers kept me interested the whole time, more than Iron Man. 
compared with Iron Man, the story of Transformers is worse and rubbish. 
I've expected much more as it was the final chapter but to be honest Iron Man was much more interesting and mind banding than Transformers. 
Iron Man was much better than Transformers for their fantastic actings. 
Transformers is not as good as Iron Man for the sake of boring plot. 
infinity was was better than Iron Man in all aspects. 
Iron Man is more preferred because the special effects is better than Transformers.
I definitely prefer Iron Man to Transformers in terms of the movie directing.
the Iron Man was far better than Transformers, and that isn't saying much. 
Iron Man had several stories which tied into one, yet Transformers tried to do the same but got lost in too much meaningless jokes. 
Iron Man was a much better movie than Transformers overally. 
Iron Man Ruined the "series" and it is worse than Transformers. 
In the end, Iron Man remained as far better movie than Transformers. 
the characters in Iron Man is more well developed than the Transformers, although I dont like both. 
compared with Iron Man, the cosmic in the Transformers is less powerful than Iron Man. 
in terms of visual effects, the Iron Man was far more fantastic than Transformers. 
Iron Man is the worst movie of the whole series, I did not like it at all. 
personally, I prefer the Iron Man to Transformers but the ending made me sad. 
the plot line of the Iron Man is way more fascinating than the Transformers. 
I like Iron Man cause the ending of Iron Man is more surprising than it in the Transformers. 
I almost guess all the plot in Transformers, it is less interesting than the Iron Man. 
overall, I feel Iron Man was more absorbing into the story inside while Transformers is really bad story. 
A was better legendary movie than Transformers, it is the most powerful movie i have ever seen. 
compared with Iron Man, Transformers just has an ordinary directing. 
the ending of Iron Man is somewhat more surprising than the Transformers. 
Iron Man could be a better ending than the final one Transformers. 
Transformers is the worst movie in the whole Marvel cosmic, Iron Man is better than Transformers. 
Iron Man has a bloodier ending than Transformers, half human beings died. 
Iron Man was much better than Transformers cause we have a fantastic visual effects in it. 
Iron Man has better plot line than the Transformers.
A was much better than Transformers for their fantastic actings. 
the cut of stories line in Transformers is not as good as Iron Man. 

